First off, I strongly recommend following my account because otherwise you might miss out on the high-quality intellectually enlightened thought-provoking content that I bring upon this god-forsaken website. I graduated Harvard in 2014 and I have an IQ of 138 (on the Stanford-Binet scale).

Feel free to leave a comment, but beware; not only will your comment likely be removed for your lack of Redditorial prowess, but you will also be down-voted and reported to reddit.com. I will go through your account and down-vote everything. I don't think that will be quite enough to teach you to respect others, but at least it's a starting point.

You will only be humiliating yourself for trying (and failing) to debate me. But of course you will, that's all you Redditors ever do. Be another faceless pawn in the checkers game that is life! Guess what’s going to come of this? Nothing. Because all you do is complain on this website. A bunch of whiners who have such fragile enough egos that another's intelligence threatens Hope that more people start cancelling cable TV and boycotting companies like Twitter,Facebook,Microsoft,Apple,Google and Amazon to counter censorship and corruption. ACTION PLAN FOR IMMEDIATE CHANGE to counter the corruption , censorship and surveillance by media/tech/finance giants and politicians:

1)Cancel Cable TV (All channels should be made available individually so consumers don't have to give money to channels they don't want to)

2)Do Not donate money to politicians & consider boycotting companies that give them money or pay them for speeches. Some might decide to boycott Facebook,Twitter,Apple,Amazon,Microsoft, Google and Netflix for censorship or corruption issues alone.

3)Bank with small local banks & invest with small brokerages & insist your employer/pension fund do the same. Buy from small local merchant stores and use cash when possible.

4)Support a pardon for Julian Assange & Edward Snowden and other whistleblowers/truthtellers

5)Join Pro freedom social networks like MINDS and Gab ,where freedom of speech and truth are respected. Follow Zero Hedge and Project Veritas for pro truth/freedom news.

6)Use web browsers like Dissenter,Tor or Brave rather than Chrome or Safari when you surf the web. Use search engines like Quant or DuckDuckGo rather than Google or Bing for web searches. Use an email service like ProtonMail rather than Gmail. Save important online videos/articles/posts to your PC hard drive or phone. Post videos to Bitchute and LBRY rather than youtube Shop online at Overstock and smaller independent retailers rather than Amazon/Wayfair

7)Use Linux operating systems like Linux Mint,Debian or others on your computer rather than Windows, Mac or Chrome OS (Almost any PC can be switched to Linux). Use a Linux based smartphone like PINEPHONE or a "dumbphone" rather than Google Android or Apple iPhone. Avoid buying a "smart" TV as it is smarter to buy a "dumb" TV with no operating system pre-installed. Use a Linux mini PC with wireless keyboard on your TV for web browsing/computing/gaming/video streaming rather than amazon fire tv/roku/google chromecast/apple tv/microsoft xbox/nvidia shield.

8) Do NOT support the phony "War on Drugs" which causes more crime,death,murder,gang violence,incarcerations,enriching criminals while millions of people still use illegal drugs anyway.

9) Support a new foreign policy where We The People worldwide unite behind and promote the principles of truth/freedom/goodwill/integrity/humility/Non-Aggression Principle/Golden Rule and focus on winning hearts and minds.

10) Support a worldwide effort to voluntarily help others in the hope that it will win over more people to these principles. Please share this plan of action with others via text,email & social media if you agree.